Wording improvements (#68)
SoCraTesUK/socrates-uk: tickets.md

<br>

### What if I don’t know anyone in the crafter community?

> A new group can be intimidating, but we hope you give SoCraTes a try. The SoCraTes community prouds itself to be open and inclusive to everyone. In addition, we are hoping to provide some [Conference Buddies][conference_buddies] so you can attend together.

Reviewer: We should say 
```suggestion
A new group can be intimidating, but we hope you give SoCraTes a try. The SoCraTes community aims to be open and inclusive to everyone. In addition, we are hoping to provide some [Conference Buddies][conference_buddies] so you can attend together.
```

Because we can not promise that everyone will feel included
